Update virus-initiative-criteria.md (#11916)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/intelligence/virus-initiative-criteria.md

## Become a member

> [!NOTE]

> > The MVI Program is not currently accepting new applications for membership, but will reopen for new members application on June 1, 2023. Please contact MVI@microsoft.com for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The MVI Program is not currently accepting new applications for membership but will reopen for new member applications on June 1, 2023. Please contact MVI@microsoft.com for more information.
```
